.TH dispense 1 "June 17, 2011" "OpenDispense2" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
dispense \- OpenDispense2 command line client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dispense
[\-hG]
.RI "[\-u " "user" "]"
.PP
.B dispense
.RI "[\-u " "user" "]"
.I item
.PP
.B dispense
.RI "[\-u " "user" "]"
.I command
.I args...

.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B dispense
command provides access to the UCC's coke machine and other systems. It can be used to drop a drink, open the door, or pay for other items.

If called with no arguments,
.B dispense
displays an interactive list of avaliable items. This list can be navigated using the arrow keys, enter/return (for select) and q/ESC to quit.

If the first argument is not a recognised command (see below) then
.B dispense
attempts to interpret the argument as an item name, and if it matches, dispenses the item.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \--help
Display a list of commands and options
.TP
\-G
Use a non-interactive list instead of the ncurses interface.

.SH SUB-COMMANDS
.SS "All users"
.TP
.RI "give " "user amount reason"
Give some money to another user (e.g. for pizza).

.TP
.RI "acct [" "user" "]"
List users (including balances and flags).

.TP
.RI "donate " "amount reason"
Give money to the club (for whatever reason)

.SS "Door Members"
.TP
.RI "door"
Open the UCC door.

.SS "Coke Controllers"

.TP
.RI "acct " "user" " [+-]" "amount" " '" "reason" "'"
Alter a user's balance by
.I amount
cents, leaving a reason for the coke logs.

.TP
.RI "refund " "user item_id" " [" "price" "]"
Refund a bad dispense for a user (the item_id can be found in the coke log usually).
It is is of the form <type>:<slot>, for example coke:6 or snack:33.

.TP
.RI "slot " "item_id price name"
Update a slot's contents (name and price).

.SS "Administrators"

.TP
.RI "acct " "user" " =" "amount" " '" reason "'"
Set a user's balance to a number of cents.

.TP
.RI "user add " "username"
Create a new account with the specified username.

.TP
.RI "user type " "username flags"
Alter the flags on a user. Valid flags are user, coke, admin, internal and disabled.
Flags can be removed by prepending the flag with a '-'.

.SH EXIT STATUS

.TP
0
Success

.TP
1
Invalid item selected

.TP
2
Bad username for 
.B acct
or
.B -u

.TP
3
You are not permitted to perform that action

.TP
4
Invalid arguments passed

.TP
5
Insufficient balance avaliable

.TP
-1
Unknown error

.TP
-2
Socket/connection error of some form

.TP
-3
Unknown response from the server

.SH AUTHOR
John Hodge (tpg@ucc.asn.au)
